README.md, before:

# Hytale Server Docker

A simple Docker container for running a Hytale dedicated server. This automatically downloads and updates the server files, so you can get started in just a few minutes.

## Quick Start with Docker

Run your server with:

```bash
docker run -d \
  --name hytale \
  -p 5520:5520/udp \
  -v ./data:/hytale-server \
  ghcr.io/vngdv/hytale-server-docker:latest
```

Your server will be running on port 5520. All server data is stored in the `./data` folder.

**Note:** On first run, follow the browser authentication prompt that appears in the container logs.

## Using Docker Compose

Create a `compose.yaml` file:

```yaml
services:
  hytale:
    image: ghcr.io/vngdv/hytale-server-docker:latest
    container_name: hytale
    ports:
      - "5520:5520/udp"
    volumes:
      - ./data:/hytale-server
    environment:
      AUTO_UPDATE: true
      SERVER_NAME: My Hytale Server
      MAX_PLAYERS: 10
    restart: unless-stopped
```

Start it with:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

**Note:** On first run, check the logs with `docker compose logs -f` and follow the browser authentication prompt.

## Environment Variables

| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `BIND_ADDRESS` | The IP and port the server listens on | `0.0.0.0:5520` |
| `AUTO_UPDATE` | Automatically check for updates on startup | `false` |
| `SERVER_NAME` | Name of your server | _(none)_ |
| `MOTD` | Message of the day shown to players | _(none)_ |
| `PASSWORD` | Server password (leave empty for no password) | _(none)_ |
| `MAX_PLAYERS` | Maximum number of players allowed | _(none)_ |
| `MAX_VIEW_RADIUS` | Maximum view distance for players | _(none)_ |
| `DEFAULT_WORLD` | Default world to load | _(none)_ |
| `DEFAULT_GAMEMODE` | Default game mode for new players | _(none)_ |
| `ENABLE_BACKUPS` | Enable automatic backups | `false` |
| `BACKUP_DIR` | Directory to store backups | `/hytale-server/backups` |
| `BACKUP_FREQUENCY` | Backup interval in minutes | `30` |
| `DISABLE_SENTRY` | Disable Sentry error reporting | `false` |

Commit message:

feat: enable TTY and stdin for server console in Docker setup

README.md, after:

# Hytale Server Docker

A simple Docker container for running a Hytale dedicated server. This automatically downloads and updates the server files, so you can get started in just a few minutes.

## Quick Start with Docker

Run your server with:

```bash
docker run -d \
  --name hytale \
  -p 5520:5520/udp \
  -v ./data:/hytale-server \
  -it \
  ghcr.io/vngdv/hytale-server-docker:latest
```

Your server will be running on port 5520. All server data is stored in the `./data` folder.

**Note:** On first run, follow the browser authentication prompt that appears in the container logs.

## Using Docker Compose

Create a `compose.yaml` file:

```yaml
services:
  hytale:
    image: ghcr.io/vngdv/hytale-server-docker:latest
    container_name: hytale
    ports:
      - "5520:5520/udp"
    volumes:
      - ./data:/hytale-server
    environment:
      AUTO_UPDATE: true
      SERVER_NAME: My Hytale Server
      MAX_PLAYERS: 10
    stdin_open: true
    tty: true
    restart: unless-stopped
```

Start it with:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

**Note:** On first run, check the logs with `docker compose logs -f` and follow the browser authentication prompt.

## Server Authentication

After the server starts for the first time, you need to authenticate it to allow players to join. The container must have TTY enabled (see examples above).

Follow these steps:

1. **Attach to the running server console:**
   ```bash
   docker attach hytale
   ```

2. **Type the authentication command directly in the server console:**
   ```
   /auth login device
   ```

3. **Follow the authentication instructions** that appear in the console. This typically involves visiting a URL and completing the authentication process.

Your server will now be authenticated and players will be able to join!

**Note:** If using Docker Compose, make sure `stdin_open: true` and `tty: true` are set in your compose.yaml (as shown in the example above).

## Environment Variables

| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `BIND_ADDRESS` | The IP and port the server listens on | `0.0.0.0:5520` |
| `AUTO_UPDATE` | Automatically check for updates on startup | `false` |
| `SERVER_NAME` | Name of your server | _(none)_ |
| `MOTD` | Message of the day shown to players | _(none)_ |
| `PASSWORD` | Server password (leave empty for no password) | _(none)_ |
| `MAX_PLAYERS` | Maximum number of players allowed | _(none)_ |
| `MAX_VIEW_RADIUS` | Maximum view distance for players | _(none)_ |
| `DEFAULT_WORLD` | Default world to load | _(none)_ |
| `DEFAULT_GAMEMODE` | Default game mode for new players | _(none)_ |
| `ENABLE_BACKUPS` | Enable automatic backups | `false` |
| `BACKUP_DIR` | Directory to store backups | `/hytale-server/backups` |
| `BACKUP_FREQUENCY` | Backup interval in minutes | `30` |
| `DISABLE_SENTRY` | Disable Sentry error reporting | `false` |
